Change admin auth (#779)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/administration/pages/auth-methods.adoc

{productname} supports LDAP, Kerberos, and other network-based authentication systems using PAM.

.Procedure: Enabling PAM

. Create a PAM service file at [path]``/etc/pam.d/susemanager``.
A standard [path]``/etc/pam.d/susemanager`` file should look like this.
It configures {productname} to use the system wide PAM configuration:
+
----
#%PAM-1.0
auth     include        common-auth
account  include        common-account
password include        common-password
session  include        common-session
----
. Enforce the use of the service file by adding this line to [path]``/etc/rhn/rhn.conf``:
+
----
pam_auth_service = susemanager
----
+
In this example, the PAM service file is called [systemitem]``susemanager``.
. Restart the {productname} services after a configuration change.
. In the {productname} {webui}, navigate to [menuitem]``Create User`` and enable a new or existing user to authenticate with PAM.
. Check the [guimenu]``Pluggable Authentication Modules (PAM)`` checkbox.
It is below the password and password confirmation fields.

[IMPORTANT]
====
Changing the password in the {productname} {webui} changes only the local password on the {productname} Server.

> If PAM is enabled for that user, this password might not be used at all.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If PAM is enabled for that user, the local password might not be used at all.
```
for clarity
